My Next.js + Mapbox GL app has three related bugs I need fixed together in one pass:

BUG 1 — RTL plugin fails to load (console error):
Runtime NetworkError: Failed to execute 'importScripts' on 'WorkerGlobalScope': 
The script at 'https://unpkg.com/@mapbox/mapbox-gl-rtl-text/mapbox-gl-rtl-text.min.js' failed to load.

BUG 2 — Arabic station labels render with reversed/mirrored character order 
(e.g. "الحديقة" shows as "ةقيدحلا") on the map. This is caused by Bug 1: 
since the RTL plugin never loads, Arabic text shaping never gets applied.

BUG 3 — Severe lag when selecting a route/line from the line picker: after 
selecting a line, there is a long delay (multiple seconds) before the route 
polyline and stations actually render on the map.

Please fix all three together:

For Bug 1 & 2 (do these together, they share one root cause):
1. Find the mapboxgl.setRTLTextPlugin() call in the codebase.
2. Stop loading it from unpkg.com — instead download the official 
   mapbox-gl-rtl-text.min.js file and serve it as a static asset from 
   /public (e.g. /mapbox-gl-rtl-text.min.js), OR load it from Mapbox's 
   official CDN (https://api.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/plugins/mapbox-gl-rtl-text/v0.3.0/mapbox-gl-rtl-text.js) 
   instead of unpkg.
3. Make sure setRTLTextPlugin is called exactly once, before any map 
   instance is created, with lazy=true.
4. Wrap it in try/catch with a console.warn fallback so a failed load 
   never crashes the app.
5. After the fix, verify Arabic station names render with correct 
   right-to-left character order on the map.

For Bug 3 (route selection performance):
1. Profile what happens on line selection — identify whether the app is 
   re-fetching/re-parsing the full GeoJSON route data, re-creating the 
   map layer/source from scratch, or doing a heavy synchronous computation 
   on the main thread each time a line is picked.
2. If the route data is static, fix it so the data is loaded/parsed once 
   and cached, and switching lines only updates the map source's data 
   (map.getSource(id).setData(...)) or toggles layer visibility, rather 
   than re-creating sources/layers.
3. Memoize any derived data (filtered stations, route coordinates) so it's 
   not recomputed on every render.
4. Add a loading indicator if any unavoidable async work remains, so the 
   UI doesn't feel frozen.
5. Target: line should render within a few hundred milliseconds of 
   selection, not multiple seconds.

After fixing, show me a summary of what was changed and confirm: 
(a) the console error is gone, (b) Arabic labels render correctly, 
(c) line selection feels instant.